Mission feasibility checks: improve correctness of docs, escpecially around MIS_DIST_1WP (#3424)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/flight_modes_fw/mission.md

## Mission Feasibility Checks

> PX4 runs some basic sanity checks to determine if a mission is feasible when it is uploaded and before executing a mission.

Reviewer: FMI Does this prevent switching to mission mode or you switch and the mission is in some kind of paused state?

Author: It prevents switching into Mission and will instead switch to Hold.

Reviewer: Cool. Captured in https://github.com/PX4/PX4-user_guide/pull/3437

If any of the checks fail, the user is notified and it is not possible to start the mission.

A subset of the most important checks are listed below:

- Any mission item conflicts with a plan or safety geofence
- More than one land start mission item defined ([MAV_CMD_DO_LAND_START](https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#MAV_CMD_DO_LAND_START))
- A fixed-wing landing has an infeasible slope angle ([FW_LND_ANG](#FW_LND_ANG))
- Land start item (`MAV_CMD_DO_LAND_START`) appears in mission before an RTL item ([MAV_CMD_NAV_RETURN_TO_LAUNCH](https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#MAV_CMD_NAV_RETURN_TO_LAUNCH))
- Missing takeoff and/or land item when these are configured as a requirement ([MIS_TKO_LAND_REQ](#MIS_TKO_LAND_REQ))

Additionally there is a check if the first waypoint is too far from the Home position ([MIS_DIST_1WP](#MIS_DIST_1WP)).

> The user is notified should the check fail, but it has no effect on the validity of a mission plan, meaning that the mission can still be started even if the distance is too high.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user is notified should the check fail, but it has no effect on the validity of a mission plan (the mission can still be started even if the distance is too great).
```
